README.md, before:

# BuffFi Trading Agent

Standalone trading agent for Base chain. Connects to BuffFi's real-time market data feed via WebSocket, evaluates entry/exit policies against live swap events, and executes trades on-chain through Uniswap V2/V3/V4 and Aerodrome.

## Prerequisites

- **Node.js** v18+
- A Base chain wallet with:
  - **ETH** for gas fees (~0.001 ETH per trade for approve + swap steps)
  - **WETH** for trading (this is what `maxEthPerTrade` draws from, the agent swaps WETH for tokens on buy and back on sell)
- Wallet key at `../.wallet/key.json` (created via `node scripts/wallet.mjs init` from workspace root)
- Auth session at `../.wallet/bufffi-session.json` (only needed if fetching policies from server)

## Wallet Funding

The agent needs two tokens on Base:

| Token | Purpose | Minimum |
|-------|---------|---------|
| **ETH** | Gas fees for on-chain transactions | 0.005 ETH |
| **WETH** | Trading capital (swapped for target tokens) | 0.05+ ETH recommended |

At `maxEthPerTrade: 0.005` with 5 concurrent trades, you need at least 0.025 WETH available. More WETH = more concurrent positions.

You can wrap ETH to WETH on [Uniswap](https://app.uniswap.org/swap?chain=base) or directly on [WETH contract](https://basescan.org/address/0x4200000000000000000000000000000000000006).

## Quick Start

```bash
./start.sh
```

Or via OpenClaw dashboard: **Projects > BuffFi Trading Agent > Start**

The launcher script:
1. Reads your private key from the wallet file
2. Kills any stale agent processes
3. Fetches the latest policy config from the server (re-authenticates if needed)
4. Starts the agent with the configured policy

### Switching Policies

```bash
POLICY_ID=91 ./start.sh    # Start with policy 91 instead of default (75)
```

Default policy is P75. Change `POLICY_ID` in `start.sh` or pass it as an env var.

## Control API

HTTP server on port **18803** while running:

| Method | Path | Description |
|--------|------|-------------|
| `GET` | `/status` | Agent status, uptime, pairs tracked, open positions, PnL summary |
| `GET` | `/trades` | Full trade history (open + closed) with summary stats |
| `GET` | `/config` | Active policy config |
| `POST` | `/pause` | Pause trading (stops new entries, keeps monitoring) |
| `POST` | `/resume` | Resume trading |
| `POST` | `/sell` | Sell a position: `{"pairAddress": "0x...", "percent": 100}` |

### Example

```bash
# Check status
curl http://localhost:18803/status

# Get trade history
curl http://localhost:18803/trades

# Sell a specific position
curl -X POST http://localhost:18803/sell \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"pairAddress": "0x...", "percent": 100}'
```

## Active Policies

### P75 (Production) — Breakout + Trailing Exit
- **Entry:** Fresh pair breakout (25% above range), 25% price change, 35 volatility, 0.65 falling knife floor, no-rebuy guard, gas gate 0.125 gwei, micro-cap filter
- **Exit:** -20% hard stop loss, 3-min staleness exit (<5 txs), trailing from +60% with 15% drawdown = 100% sell
- **Config:** 0.005 ETH/trade, 35% slippage tolerance

### P91 (Candidate) — Relaxed Entry + Fast Trail
- **Entry:** Lower thresholds (15% breakout, 15% price change, 20 volatility) to capture more trades
- **Exit:** Same SL/staleness as P75, but faster trailing: arm at +30%, 10% drawdown from peak
- **Performance:** Higher Sharpe (0.50 vs 0.49), more trades, lower avg win but more consistent

### P55 (Candidate) — Partial Exit + Wide Trail
- **Entry:** Same as P75
- **Exit:** 50% partial sell at +60%, trail remainder with 4x arm / 35% drawdown. Catches bigger runners but holds more open positions.

## Architecture

```
BuffFi Server (WebSocket) → Market Data Events → Policy Evaluation → On-chain Swap
                                                        ↓
                                                  agent-trades.json (persistence)
                                                        ↓
                                                  Control API (port 18803)
```

- Trades persist to `agent-trades.json` and restore on restart
- On-chain balances checked every 5 minutes, zero-balance trades auto-pruned
- 10-min grace period on fresh trades to avoid false zero-balance closures from stale RPC reads

## Files

| File | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `standalone-agent.js` | Main agent source (fetched from server on first run) |
| `agent-config.json` | Active policy config (auto-generated by start.sh) |
| `agent-trades.json` | Persistent trade state |
| `start.sh` | Launcher script |
| `agent.pid` | PID file for singleton guard |

## Backtesting

Requires holding 2,000,000 $WEBSIM tokens on Base. Use the BuffFi API:

```bash
# Authenticate
node ../scripts/bufffi_auth.mjs

# Run backtest
curl -X POST https://alpha.cssgod.io/agents/backtest \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Cookie: <session_cookie>" \
  -H "X-Agent-ID: <agent_id>" \
  -d '{"policy_id": [75], "start_time": "2026-02-07T00:00:00Z", "end_time": "2026-02-07T12:00:00Z", "chain": "base"}'
```

## Links

- **BuffFi Platform:** https://alpha.cssgod.io
- **Skill Docs:** https://alpha.cssgod.io/agents/skill
- **Policy Examples:** https://alpha.cssgod.io/agents/examples
- **Base Wallet:** [0x5EF3bE428F6212cF0Cc81A84c6Ea11BDFaD39E27](https://basescan.org/address/0x5EF3bE428F6212cF0Cc81A84c6Ea11BDFaD39E27)

Commit message:

docs: remove specific policy details from README

README.md, after:

# BuffFi Trading Agent

Standalone trading agent for Base chain. Connects to BuffFi's real-time market data feed via WebSocket, evaluates entry/exit policies against live swap events, and executes trades on-chain through Uniswap V2/V3/V4 and Aerodrome.

## Prerequisites

- **Node.js** v18+
- A Base chain wallet with:
  - **ETH** for gas fees (~0.001 ETH per trade for approve + swap steps)
  - **WETH** for trading (this is what `maxEthPerTrade` draws from, the agent swaps WETH for tokens on buy and back on sell)
- Wallet key at `../.wallet/key.json` (created via `node scripts/wallet.mjs init` from workspace root)
- Auth session at `../.wallet/bufffi-session.json` (only needed if fetching policies from server)

## Wallet Funding

The agent needs two tokens on Base:

| Token | Purpose | Minimum |
|-------|---------|---------|
| **ETH** | Gas fees for on-chain transactions | 0.005 ETH |
| **WETH** | Trading capital (swapped for target tokens) | 0.05+ ETH recommended |

At `maxEthPerTrade: 0.005` with 5 concurrent trades, you need at least 0.025 WETH available. More WETH = more concurrent positions.

You can wrap ETH to WETH on [Uniswap](https://app.uniswap.org/swap?chain=base) or directly on [WETH contract](https://basescan.org/address/0x4200000000000000000000000000000000000006).

## Quick Start

```bash
./start.sh
```

Or via OpenClaw dashboard: **Projects > BuffFi Trading Agent > Start**

The launcher script:
1. Reads your private key from the wallet file
2. Kills any stale agent processes
3. Fetches the latest policy config from the server (re-authenticates if needed)
4. Starts the agent with the configured policy

### Switching Policies

```bash
POLICY_ID=91 ./start.sh    # Start with policy 91 instead of default (75)
```

Default policy is P75. Change `POLICY_ID` in `start.sh` or pass it as an env var.

## Control API

HTTP server on port **18803** while running:

| Method | Path | Description |
|--------|------|-------------|
| `GET` | `/status` | Agent status, uptime, pairs tracked, open positions, PnL summary |
| `GET` | `/trades` | Full trade history (open + closed) with summary stats |
| `GET` | `/config` | Active policy config |
| `POST` | `/pause` | Pause trading (stops new entries, keeps monitoring) |
| `POST` | `/resume` | Resume trading |
| `POST` | `/sell` | Sell a position: `{"pairAddress": "0x...", "percent": 100}` |

### Example

```bash
# Check status
curl http://localhost:18803/status

# Get trade history
curl http://localhost:18803/trades

# Sell a specific position
curl -X POST http://localhost:18803/sell \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{"pairAddress": "0x...", "percent": 100}'
```

## Policies

Policies define your entry/exit logic. Create them via the BuffFi API (`POST /agents/policies`) or browse examples at `/agents/examples`. The agent fetches your configured policy on startup and evaluates it against every incoming swap event.

See the [skill docs](https://alpha.cssgod.io/agents/skill) for the full `ctx` object reference, advanced techniques (globalData, confidence sizing, order flow analysis), and production policy templates.

## Architecture

```
BuffFi Server (WebSocket) → Market Data Events → Policy Evaluation → On-chain Swap
                                                        ↓
                                                  agent-trades.json (persistence)
                                                        ↓
                                                  Control API (port 18803)
```

- Trades persist to `agent-trades.json` and restore on restart
- On-chain balances checked every 5 minutes, zero-balance trades auto-pruned
- 10-min grace period on fresh trades to avoid false zero-balance closures from stale RPC reads

## Files

| File | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `standalone-agent.js` | Main agent source (fetched from server on first run) |
| `agent-config.json` | Active policy config (auto-generated by start.sh) |
| `agent-trades.json` | Persistent trade state |
| `start.sh` | Launcher script |
| `agent.pid` | PID file for singleton guard |

## Backtesting

Requires holding 2,000,000 $WEBSIM tokens on Base. Use the BuffFi API:

```bash
# Authenticate
node ../scripts/bufffi_auth.mjs

# Run backtest
curl -X POST https://alpha.cssgod.io/agents/backtest \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -H "Cookie: <session_cookie>" \
  -H "X-Agent-ID: <agent_id>" \
  -d '{"policy_id": [75], "start_time": "2026-02-07T00:00:00Z", "end_time": "2026-02-07T12:00:00Z", "chain": "base"}'
```

## Links

- **BuffFi Platform:** https://alpha.cssgod.io
- **Skill Docs:** https://alpha.cssgod.io/agents/skill
- **Policy Examples:** https://alpha.cssgod.io/agents/examples
- **Base Wallet:** [0x5EF3bE428F6212cF0Cc81A84c6Ea11BDFaD39E27](https://basescan.org/address/0x5EF3bE428F6212cF0Cc81A84c6Ea11BDFaD39E27)
